Add usage example in readme (#50)
echemdb/metadata-schema: readme.md

# Metadata Schema

Development of a metadata schema for experimental data, sepcifically electrochemical and electrocatalytic data.

## Development

> It it possible to validate metadata files (e.g. of type json or yaml) against the schemas locally. You can use the python package `check-jsonschema` for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metadata files (e.g. of type JSON or YAML) can be validated against the schemas locally using, for example, the Python package [`check-jsonschema`](https://github.com/python-jsonschema/check-jsonschema).
```

> This is achieved by omitting the `$id` tag in this repository. It is set to a absolute url upon release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In that case, the `$id` tag in the schemas pointing to this repository must be bypassed by setting an absolute URL to the respective local files.
```

> - check a single file
> 
>   `check-jsonschema --base-uri <path to schemas> --schemafile <path to schema>/<some schema>.json <file to validate>`
> - validate all files in a directory (inlcuding subdirectories)
> 
>   `find <path to metadata files> -name "*.<file extension>" -exec echo {} \; -exec check-jsonschema --base-uri <path to schemas> --schemafile <path to schema>/<some schema>.json {} \;`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- validate a single file

```sh
check-jsonschema --base-uri <path to schemas> --schemafile <path to schema>/<some schema>.json <file to validate>
```sh

- validate all files in a directory (including subdirectories)

```sh
find <path to metadata files> -name "*.<file extension>" -exec echo {} \; -exec check-jsonschema --base-uri <path to schemas> --schemafile <path to schema>/<some schema>.json {} \;`
```
```

# Metadata Schema

Development of a metadata schema for experimental data, sepcifically electrochemical and electrocatalytic data.

## Development
The metadata files (e.g. of type JSON or YAML) can be validated against the schemas locally using, for example, the Python package [`check-jsonschema`](https://github.com/python-jsonschema/check-jsonschema).
In that case, the `$id` tag in the schemas pointing to this repository must be bypassed by setting an absolute URL to the respective local files.
- validate a single file

```sh
check-jsonschema --base-uri <path to schemas> --schemafile <path to schema>/<some schema>.json <file to validate>

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

- validate all files in a directory (including subdirectories)

```sh

> find <path to metadata files> -name "*.<file extension>" -exec echo {} \; -exec check-jsonschema --base-uri <path to schemas> --schemafile <path to schema>/<some schema>.json {} \;`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
find <path to metadata files> -name "*.<file extension>" -exec echo {} \; -exec check-jsonschema --base-uri <path to schemas> --schemafile <path to schema>/<some schema>.json {} \;`
```
```
